So we were just at our store.
Now we want to get the state read now we have the shopping list service where we have getting trillions
and there we simply copy a return a copy of our state.
Well let's now no longer use these internal ingredients array but our global store for that Ford it
all goes straight to the place where when I to use that information my shopping list component.
This is where I used ingredients in the end right.
So since I used them there I can alter fetched him here for that.
The first thing I'll do is inject and you service the store so name it store and it will be our type
store to be imported from ngi or X store because I want to get access to that store which holds my state
right.
The store is a generic type.
There was a we have to tell it which kind of date we actually want to retrieve here and the type you
have to pass here actually needs to fit your global state.
Now we define a state here in repr model or we set up a store will have a shopping list.
Part of that state.
So let's add a shopping list to this state object we're describing here.
And doesn't Turnbull via javascript object where all have ingredients array with the ingredient.
Well model ingredient array model.
This is our global state and I'll come back to you ways of managing this state a bit more elegantly
later.
So for now that's our state.
So here we now can query this state by reaching out to the store and calling select select.
We select a slice of our global state.
In this case I'm interested in the shopping list.
So here I'm selecting this part of the state.
However we now have an issue.
This now is an observable.
It's not deep array of items.
It's an observable cell.
This ingredients equal stared like this won't work.
Instead this ingredient here should be in our observable.
You need to import data from our ex-chief us all observable and this is a generic type to you.
It will eventually resolve two ingredients you could say but that would be wrong it will resolve to
an object which has the ingredients property which then holds an ingredient array.
So that is what the observable will eventually resolve to because in our global stage we got the shopping
list part which points to the shopping list reducer.
But there we said an initial state which is a javascript object with an ingredient property.
So that is exactly what we get here.
A Java object with an ingredient property.
This is what you will get when selecting a slice of our state here.
With that we can comment out the part below here.
However now we need to update our HTL template since ingredients is observable.
We can't loop through it.
Instead the async pipes sounds appropriate.
But keep in mind ingredients is the wrong word.
This actually is an observable which holds an object with an ingredient property.
So in the end ingredient is maybe the wrong name.
We might want to name this differently.
We might want to name is shopping list state or something like that.
Now with that we can loop through that.
Once we resolved it asynchronously and we can there offer x' ingredients on that.
Now let's see if that works if we save this and we reload our application here.
This works.
We got our ingredients here but now loaded through ngi are X through that colonial state.